W-13152836: adding non utf8 issue note (#286)
mulesoft/docs-gateway: gateway/1.4/modules/ROOT/pages/policies-custom-flex-implement-rust.adoc

----
+
The `proxy-wasm` ABI retrieves the header value of the incoming request and then compares the value against `secret-value`. If `secret-value` matches the header, the implementation returns an `Action::Continue`. Otherwise, it returns `Action::Pause`, and the filter itself emits a response to the calling client using `send_http_response`.
+

> Note: `get_http_request_header` has a known issue in Rust SDK when reading non UTF-8 values. If running into that issue, switch to `get_http_request_headers_bytes` methods and read the bytes using the `from_utf8` method (https://doc.rust-lang.org/std/string/struct.String.html#method.from_utf8). For example:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Note: The Rust SDK contains an issue reading non-UTF-8 values with `get_http_request_header`. To work around the issue, use the `get_http_request_headers_bytes` method and read the bytes using the `from_utf8` https://doc.rust-lang.org/std/string/struct.String.html#method.from_utf8[method^]. For example:
```
